Clarify first object in event and media timeline track (#124)
wilaw/MoQ: draft-ietf-moq-msf.md

## Media Timeline track updating
The publisher MUST publish an independent media timeline in the first MOQT Object
of each MOQT Group of a media timeline track. An independent media timeline object
MUST contain all media timeline records accumulated up to that point, allowing a

> subscriber joining at any group boundary to receive the complete timeline history.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
MUST contain all media timeline records accumulated and accessible up to that point, allowing a
subscriber joining at any group boundary to receive the accessible timeline history.
```

## Event Timeline track updating
The publisher MUST publish an independent event timeline in the first MOQT Object
of each MOQT Group of an event timeline track. An independent event timeline object
MUST contain all event timeline records accumulated up to that point, allowing a

> subscriber joining at any group boundary to receive the complete event history.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
MUST contain all event timeline records accumulated and accessible up to that point, allowing a
subscriber joining at any group boundary to receive the accessible event history.
```
